kinetic    adj. 运动的(of or resulting from motion)；动力学的(of or relating to kinetic art)
［记］词根记忆：kine(动)+tic→运动的
know-how    n. 专业技能，知识(practical ability or skill)
［记］分拆联想：know+how→知道如何做→专业技能
［例］The technical know-how, if not the political commitment, appears already at hand to feed the world’s exploding population and so to eradicate at last the ancient scourges of malnutrition and famine.
laborious    adj. 费力的，艰难的(involving or characterized by hard or toilsome effort)
lackadaisical    adj. 无精打采的(listless；languid)；无兴趣的(showing lack of interest)
［记］分拆联想：lack(缺少)+a+daisi(=daisy第一流人物)+cal→缺少第一流人物让人无精打采
laconic    adj. 简洁的(brief or terse in speech or expression；concise)
［记］来自古希腊王国Laconia(拉哥尼亚)，以说话简洁而闻名
［同］concise, brief, curt, succinct, terse
laggard    adj. 缓慢的(slow or late)；落后的(falling behind)；n. 落后者(one that lags or lingers)
［记］lag(落后)+gard(构词成分)→落后的
lament     vt. 悲伤；哀悼(to express sorrow, mourning, or regret for often demonstratively)
languid    adj. 没精打采的，倦怠的(drooping or flagging from or as if from exhaustion)
largesse   n. 慷慨(generosity)
［记］词根记忆：large(大)+sse→大方
［例］Famous among job seekers for its largesse , the company, quite apart from generous salaries, bestowed on its executives annual bonuses and such perquisites as low-interest home mortgages and company cars.
latitude    n. 言行自由(freedom of opinion, conduct, or action)；纬度(an imaginary line around the Earth parallel to the equator)
［记］词根记忆：lati(阔)+tude→纬度
［例］Even though in today's Soviet Union the leaders of the Muslim clergy have been accorded power and privileges, the Muslim laity and the rank-and-file clergy still have little latitude to practice their religion.
lave    vt. 为沐浴，洗(wash,bathe)；慢慢冲刷(to flow along or against)
［记］词根记忆：lav(洗)+e→洗浴
lavish    adj. 浪费的(expending profusely)；丰富的(profuse)
［例］The commission of inquiry censured the senator for his lavish expenditure of public funds, which they found to be unjustifiable.
legislate   vt. 立法(to mandate, establish, or regulate by or as if by legislation)
［记］词根记忆：legisl(法律)+ate→制定法律
legitimate    adj. 合法的(lawful)；正当的(reasonable；legal)
［记］词根记忆：legitim(合法)+ate→合法的
lenient    adj. 宽大的(not harsh or severe)；仁慈的(merciful, clement)
［例］Paradoxically, Helen, who had been a strict mother to her children, proved a lenient mistress to her cats.
lethal    adj. 致命的(fatal or deadly)
［记］词根记忆：leth(死，僵)+al→致命的
［例］Natural selection tends to eliminate genes that cause inherited diseases, acting most strongly against the most severe diseases; consequently, hereditary diseases that are lethal would be expected to be very rare, but, surprisingly, they are not.
［同］mortiferous, pestilent
lethargic    adj. 昏睡的(of, relating to, or characterized by lethargy)
lewd    adj. 好色的(sexually unchaste or licentious)；猥琐的(obscene,vulgar)
［例］Afraid that the lewd nature of the plays being presented would corrupt the morals of their audiences, the Puritans closed the theaters in 1642.
listless    adj. 无精打采的(spiritless；languid)
［记］分拆联想：list(名单)+less→榜上无名所以没精打采
loath    adj. 不情愿的，勉强的(unwilling)
［例］Far from being unctuous, Pat was always loath to appear acquiescent.
［同］disinclined, averse, hesitant, reluctant
loathe    v. 憎恨，厌恶(abhor；detest；hate)
［记］来自loath(不愿意的，厌恶的)；分拆联想：l(看作leave)+oath(誓言)+e→发誓离开→憎恨
loquacious    adj. 多嘴的，饶舌的(very talkative；fond of talking)
［记］词根记忆：loqu(话语)+acious(多…的)→多话的
lucid    adj. 表达清楚的，明白易懂的(well expressed and easy to understand)
［记］词根记忆：luc(光)+id→很光滑的→表达清楚的
［例］Although just barely adequate as a writer of lucid prose, Jones was an extremely capable editor who worked superbly with other writers in helping them improve the clarity of their writing.
lucrative    adj. 赚钱的，有利可图的(profitable；remunerative)
［记］词根记忆：lucr(看作lucre钱财)+ative→赚钱的
［例］Burdened by debt, Lydgate abandons his dreams of reforming medicine to take a conventional but lucrative practice in London.
［同］advantageous, gainful, profitable, remunerative
ludicrous    adj. 荒唐可笑的(so foolish as to cause disrespectful laughter)
［记］词根记忆：lud(玩)＋icrous→闹着玩的→可笑的
［例］Although his attempts to appear psychotic were so clumsy as to be almost ludicrous , there is evidence that Ezra Pound was able to avoid standing trial for treason merely by faking symptoms of mental illness.
［同］laughable, comic, comical, droll, farcical
lugubrious    adj. 悲哀的(mournful)；忧郁的(dismal)
［例］Much of the clown’s success may be attributed to the contrast between the lugubrious manner he adopts and the general hilarity that characterizes the circus.
［同］melancholy, dolesome, dolorous, lamentable, plaintive
luminous    adj. 发光的(emitting or reflecting usually steady, suffused, or glowing light)；发亮的(of or relating to light or to luminous flux)；光线亮的(bathed in or exposed to steady light)；明白易懂的(clear, enlightening)；有光泽的(shining, illustrious)
［记］词根记忆：lumin(光)+ous→发光的
［例］Although supernovas are among the most luminous of cosmic events, these stellar explosions are often hard to detect, either because they are enormously far away or because they are dimmed by intervening dust and gas clouds.
macabre    adj. 骇人的，可怕的(grim and horrible；gruesome)
［记］来自法语，原指“骷髅舞蹈”
magisterial    adj. 有权威的(authoritative；official)；威风的
［记］词根记忆：magister(=master主人)+ial→主人的→有权威的
［例］Something in Christopher responded to the older man’s air of authority; he looked magisterial, used to command.
magnanimous     adj. 宽宏大量的，慷慨的(noble in mind；high souled)
magniloquence    n. 夸夸其谈，虚夸(the quality or state of being magniloquent)
malicious    adj. 恶意的，怨毒的(spiteful；intentionally mischievous or harmful)
［记］来自malice(n. 恶意)+ious→恶意的
［例］No computer system is immune to a virus, a particularly malicious program that is designed to infect and electronically damage the disks on which data are stored.
malign    v. 诽谤，中伤(to defame；slander；traduce)；adj. 邪恶的(evil；baleful；sinister)
［记］词根记忆：mal(坏)+ign→坏的，邪恶的
［同］malicious, despiteful, malevolent, rancorous, spiteful
malignant    adj. 恶毒的，充满恨意的(very malevolent or malicious)
［例］The surgeons were worried about the possibility of finding a malignant growth in the patient.
［同］despiteful, hateful, malign, rancorous
malleable    adj. 可塑的，易改变的(capable of being changed；adaptable)
［记］词根记忆：malle(=mallet锤子)+able→可锤打的，易变的
［例］When clay dries out, it loses its plasticity and becomes less malleable.
［同］plastic, ductile, moldable, pliable, supple
mandatory    adj. 命令的，强制的(authoritatively commanded；obligatory)
maneuver    vt./n. (军队)调遣(a planned and controlled movement of troops)；策略，操纵(stratagem；artifice；scheme)
［记］词根记忆：man(手)+euvre(工作)→用手来做→操纵，调动
maniacal    adj. 发狂的，癫狂的(affected with or suggestive of madness)
manipulation     n. (熟练的)操作；操纵；控制；(对账目等的)伪造，篡改
martinet     n. 严格遵守纪律的人(a strict disciplinarian)
［例］Like a martinet, Norman constrained his subordinates to adhere rigidly to the rules.
marvelous    adj. 不可思议的(causing wonder)；了不起的(miraculous)
［记］发音记忆：“马虎了事”→马虎作事就没有了不起的成就
［例］Winsor McCay, the cartoonist, could draw with incredible virtuosity: his comic strip about Little Nemo was characterized by marvelous draftsmanship and sequencing.
matrilineal    adj. 母系的(relating to, based on, or tracing descent through the maternal line)
［例］The Apache are a matrilineal society, where husbands typically move into wives’ dwellings and women take the leadership role in family affairs.
maudlin    adj. 感情脆弱的，爱哭的(foolishly or weakly sentimental)
［记］来自人名Maudalene，常被描绘成哭泣的典型形象
maverick    adj. 特立独行的(characteristic of, suggestive of, or inclined to be a maverick)；n. 特立独行的人(one that refuses to abide by the dictates of or resists adherence to a group)
［记］来自人名Maverick，19世纪德克萨斯州大牧场主，其牲畜皆不打烙印而显得与众不同
meager    adj. 贫乏的(of small amount；inadequate)；削瘦的(lean；emaciated)
［记］分拆联想：m+eager(热心的)→光靠热心解决不了贫乏
［例］The powers and satisfactions of primeval people, though few and meager, were commensurate with their few and simple desires.
mediocre    adj. 平庸的，平凡的(ordinary；average)
［记］词根记忆：medio(中间)+cre→中间状态→平庸的
mediocrity    n. 平庸，碌碌无为(mediocre abilities or attainment)
［例］Grateful as we are for these splendid books, they remain isolated examples of excellence in a literature of mediocrity.
melancholy    adj. 忧郁的(depressed)；令人悲伤的(causing depression)
［记］词根记忆：melan(黑色)+chol(=bile胆汁)+y→胆汁发黑→忧郁的
menial     adj. 仆人的，卑微的(of servants；humble)；n. 家仆(a domestic servant)
［例］Although Ms. Brown found some of her duties to be menial, her supervision of forty workers was a considerable responsibility.
［同］subservient, obsequious, servile, slavish
mercenary     adj. 唯利是图的(acting merely for money)；n. 雇佣兵(a professional soldier hired to serve in a foreign army for money)
［记］词根记忆：mercen(工资)+ary→只为了工钱的→唯利是图的
meretricious    adj. 华而不实的，俗艳的(tawdrily and falsely attractive)
［记］来自meretrix(妓女)
meritorious    adj. 值得赞赏的(deserving praise and esteem)
［记］merit(优点，长处)+orious(多…的)→长处很多→值得赞赏的
mesmerize    v. 对…催眠(to hypnotize)；使入迷，迷住(to fascinate)
metabolic    adj. 新陈代谢的(of, relating to, or based on metabolism)
［记］来自metabol(y)(新陈代谢)+ic→新陈代谢的
［例］When trees go dormant in winter, the procedure is anything but sleepy: it is an active metabolic process that changes the plant radically.
metamorphose     v. 变形(to change into another form)
［记］词根记忆：meta(变化)+morph(形状)+ose→变形
metaphysical    adj. 形而上学的，玄学的(of metaphysics)
［记］词根记忆：meta(变化，超过)+physic(看作是physics物理)+al→在物理之上的→形而上学的，玄学的
meteoric    adj. 流星的(relating to a meteor)；昙花一现的(transient；swift)
［记］来自meteor(流星，陨石)+ic
methodical    adj. 细心的，有条不紊的(habitually proceeding according to method)
meticulous    adj. 细心的，一丝不苟的(taking extreme care about minute details；precise)
［记］词根记忆：metic(害怕的)+ulous(多…的)→经常害怕的→细心的
［例］MacDougall’s former editors remember him as a cantankerous man whose meticulous and exhaustive reporting was worth the trouble.
［同］conscientious, fussy, heedful, punctilious, scrupulous
mettlesome    adj. 精神抖擞的(spirited；courageous)
［记］mettle(勇气，斗志)+some→有斗志
milieu    n. 周围，环境，背景(the physical or social setting in which something occurs or develops)
［例］The late James Beard was generous with his time and knowledge-a rare trait in the narrow world of food writing, a milieu notorious for its pettiness and infighting.
mimic    v. 模仿，戏弄(to imitate or copy playfully or derisively)
［记］分拆联想：mimi(音似：秘密)+c→偷偷摸摸地模仿